OSS 2.6 release notes (#4669)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.6/reference/release-notes/influxdb.md

    parent: Release notes
weight: 101
---
## v2.6 [TBD]

### Features

- Add [`influxd inspect report-db`](/influxdb/v2.6/reference/cli/influxd/inspect/report-db/) command.
- Add [`influxd inspect check-schema`](/influxdb/v2.6/reference/cli/influxd/inspect/check-schema/) command.
- Add [`influxd inspect merge-schema`](/influxdb/v2.6/reference/cli/influxd/inspect/merge-schema/) command.

### Bug fixes

 - Optimize [`SHOW FIELD KEY CARDINALITY`](/influxdb/v2.6/query-data/influxql/explore-schema/#show-field-key-cardinality) command.
 - Restrict file permissions by default.
 - Fix migration handling when already defined remotes exist.
 - Fix default max-age transformation from seconds to one week.
 - Fix error handling in user routes.

> ### Maintenance

Reviewer: This should encompass the last PR that I am merging today.

> ## v2.6 [TBD]
> 
> ### Features
> 
> - Add [`influxd inspect report-db`](/influxdb/v2.6/reference/cli/influxd/inspect/report-db/) command.
> - Add [`influxd inspect check-schema`](/influxdb/v2.6/reference/cli/influxd/inspect/check-schema/) command.
> - Add [`influxd inspect merge-schema`](/influxdb/v2.6/reference/cli/influxd/inspect/merge-schema/) command.
> 
> ### Bug fixes
> 
>  - Optimize [`SHOW FIELD KEY CARDINALITY`](/influxdb/v2.6/query-data/influxql/explore-schema/#show-field-key-cardinality) command.
>  - Restrict file permissions by default.
>  - Fix migration handling when already defined remotes exist.
>  - Fix default max-age transformation from seconds to one week.
>  - Fix error handling in user routes.
> 
> ### Maintenance
> 
> - Upgrade to [Go 1.18.9](https://go.dev/doc/go1.18)
> - Upgrade to [Flux 0.191.0](/flux/v0.x/release-notes/#v01870-2022-10-17)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## v2.6.0 [TBD]

### Features

- Add the following `influxd` utilities:
  - [`influxd inspect check-schema`](/influxdb/v2.6/reference/cli/influxd/inspect/check-schema/)
  - [`influxd inspect merge-schema`](/influxdb/v2.6/reference/cli/influxd/inspect/merge-schema/)
  - [`influxd inspect report-db`](/influxdb/v2.6/reference/cli/influxd/inspect/report-db/)
- Perform package validation during the build process.

### Bug Fixes

- Optimize [`SHOW FIELD KEY CARDINALITY`](/influxdb/v2.6/query-data/influxql/explore-schema/#show-field-key-cardinality)
  InfluxQL command.
- Correctly convert replication maximum age setting to seconds.
- Fix internal metadata migrations when a replication remote already exists.
- Update `/me` and `/users` routes to match documentation.
- By default, restrict file permissions to 0750 (`drwxr-x---`).
- Correctly handle `NaN` values returned from InfluxDB scrapers.

### Maintenance

- Upgrade to Go 1.18.9.
- Upgrade Flux to v0.191.0.
```

Reviewer 2: Had this on another branch.

    parent: Release notes
weight: 101
---
## v2.6.0 [TBD]

### Features

- Add the following `influxd` utilities:
  - [`influxd inspect check-schema`](/influxdb/v2.6/reference/cli/influxd/inspect/check-schema/)
  - [`influxd inspect merge-schema`](/influxdb/v2.6/reference/cli/influxd/inspect/merge-schema/)
  - [`influxd inspect report-db`](/influxdb/v2.6/reference/cli/influxd/inspect/report-db/)
- Perform package validation during the build process.

### Bug Fixes

- Optimize [`SHOW FIELD KEY CARDINALITY`](/influxdb/v2.6/query-data/influxql/explore-schema/#show-field-key-cardinality)
  InfluxQL command.
- Correctly convert replication maximum age setting to seconds.
- Fix internal metadata migrations when a replication remote already exists.
- Update `/me` and `/users` routes to match documentation.
- By default, restrict file permissions to 0750 (`drwxr-x---`).
- Correctly handle `NaN` values returned from InfluxDB scrapers.

> ### Maintenance

Reviewer: Reading the previous suggestion after changes
